welcome to the man of recaps it is
Walking Dead Season ten and this season
I'm gonna do individual episode recaps
as we go because you know I mean the
show's really good again obviously if
you haven't yet watch my season 9 recap
to catch-up link in the description but
now let's get started with Walking Dead
Season ten episode 1 the good guys
Alliance is training all medieval style
with like phalanx structure and and all
that if you've ever complained that the
show doesn't have enough awesome zombie
killing well here's the 15 minutes for
you and at the end the story kicks off
when Judith finds an abandoned Whisperer
zombie mask apparently no one has seen
the whispers since last season I guess
they migrate during the winter but now
finding this mask washed up is it from
before or are they back so a group goes
out to look for the whispers find out if
they're actually back remember they're
in a tense cold war kind of situation
alpha marked the line of her territory
that they cannot cross if they do she
promised to unleash this giant zombie
heard that her people are controlling
everyone agreed to respect this truce
for now they don't want to start trouble
if they don't have to except for Aaron
who crosses right over the boundary line
to take out these walkers Aaron doesn't
care he's a bad boy now he's all torn up
cuz his boyfriend's keep dying
especially Jesus last season hit him
real hard his characters come a long way
you remember in my season 5 recap I
called him nerdy Justin Timberlake and
now look at him he's got crazy
apocalypse beard and a fake metal arm
next we check in on the baby crew
Rosita's had her baby and Eugene is the
awkward 4th wheel in this postmodern
family because remember Siddiqui is the
father but it's Gabriel that Rosita is
currently dating Eugene seems to love
the baby though it looks like he's doing
all the actual parenting while Rosina's
just working out city comes and helps
out too but he's having PTSD flashbacks
to last season remember when the
whispers killed everyone for the heads
on pikes situation
Siddiq was there they let him go to tell
the story a new doctor has apparently
joined Alexandria his name's Dante and
he's a real friendly guy and this is a
very strange scene because Sadiq is just
like staring at his mouth what I took
away from that is that this guy's mouth
remind Sadiq of one of the whisperers
mouths the night they killed everyone
and it made me realize oh my god it's
entirely possible that
could just be a whisper so watch out for
this guy murdering everyone later then
we hang out with Lydia she was alphas
daughter of the whispers but she's been
taken in by Alexandria it was all cool
when she had Henry there to vouch for
her but now she's kind of all alone in
this community you know and no one
really trusts her so she talks to
another outcast negan
yes he's growing tomatoes apparently
he's allowed out of his cell sometimes
now we don't know negan's endgame yet if
he's playing a long con to seize power
or if he really is kind of just chillin
back at oceanside there's a thing with
the deaf girl Connie and her sister
Kelly apparently Kelly's hearing is
starting to go which is pretty sad but
Connie has actually survived incredibly
well in the zombie apocalypse being deaf
she says it's not a disability it's a
superpower and then who should show up
but mister Daryl yeah we were all
shipping him and Connie last season and
it looks like they're going that
direction Daryl's starting to learn some
sign language to talk to her better and
then Carol comes home from a fishing
trip yeah after Henry's death she was
totally broken up and broke up with King
Ezekiel seems like she's not ready to
get back together yet she and Daryl
spend the day hanging out these two have
always been close friends and they make
friendship bracelets now anyway now we
finally deal with the big explosion in
the sky that started out this episode
yeah an old satellite is you know
crashing down to earth it starts a huge
forest fire which is a serious problem
it's all hands on deck to contain this
thing but the big tension is this crash
is on the whisperer side of the border
and it's like well any reasonable person
would be like yeah it's okay you can
cross to put out a fire but I mean the
whisperers aren't reasonable plus a
bunch of zombies show up so there's more
epic forest fire zombie killing and the
cool thing was this scene was incredibly
tense because every single zombie I was
like is that gonna be a whisper luckily
none of them were so the gang saved the
day since they are already on the
whisperers side of the border Daryl and
Carol decided to go check on the giant
zombie heard that the whispers were
holding and it's gone does that mean the
whisperers have moved on
just forgot about this place no it
doesn't right then as if she was
watching the whole time alpha walks out
and stares right at Daryl oh-ho it's on
so there you have it Walking Dead Season
tennis started I'm very excited for this
season make sure you hit that subscribe
button
weekly Walking Dead recaps plus lots of
other awesome ones till next time mana
recaps out
[Music]